<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_jws_cq2_zx">
    <title>How to Use Ceiling Mounted Projector</title>
    <shortdesc>Using a projector can allow you to easily show other people how to use a program by
        allowing them to see everything that you see. The projector can also be used to display a
        visual aid for a presentation aiding in the effectiveness of your speech. The projector has
        many uses. All of the connections to the projector, such as the power cable, display cables,
        and other connection cables will already be made, so no need to worry about
        them.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Below are the steps to help you get started using the projector.<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find a black switch to the right of the door when you walk in</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Press in the direction that you want the projector screen to go. Up is marked
                    with a sticker saying up and down is marked with a sticker saying down. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the projector remote and point it towards the projector.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Press the power button on the remote.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A red light should turn blue on the projector denoting that it has powered
                    on.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The projector light will slowly brighten until it reaches full brightness and
                    will mirror the same screen as the computer on the desk across from the entrance
                    door.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
